Many touch typists also use keyboard shortcuts or hotkeys when typing on a computer. This allows them to edit their document without having to take their hands off the keyboard to use a mouse. An example of a keyboard shortcut is pressing the Ctrl key plus the S key to save a document as they type, or the Ctrl key plus the Z key to undo a mistake. Many experienced typists can feel or sense when they have made an error and can hit the Backspace key and make the correction with no increase in time between keystrokes.The bikers rode down the long and narrow path to reach the city park. When they reached a good spot to rest, they began to look for signs of spring. The sun was bright, and a lot of bright red and blue blooms proved to all that warm spring days were the very best. Spring rides were planned. They had a burger at the lake and then rode farther up the mountain. As one rider started to get off his bike, he slipped and fell. One of the other bikers saw him fall but could do nothing to help him. Neither the boy nor the bike got hurt. After a brief stop, everyone was ready to go on. All the bikers enjoyed the nice view when they came to the top.  
Trying to make a wise, good choice when thinking about what kinds of careers might be best for you is a hard thing to do. Your future may very well depend on the ways you go about finding the best job openings for you in the world of work. Some people will feel that there is one and only one job in the world for them. Hard thinking and a lot of hard work will help them find the one job that is best for them. Jobs are there for those with skills and a good work ethic. Many new young artists in the upper New England states are famous around the world as leaders in new American art. These fine artists are very good in their chosen fields and are willing to share their many talents by teaching others. The students have had the chance to learn and use skills in oil painting, sketching with chalk, sculpting, and weaving. Learning to typewrite is a skill that will help all of us in our work today. The development of the computer will open doors for people with the keyboarding skills and will make typing a necessity. Managers, as well as secretaries, will need skill at the keyboard to input data and process words. Therefore, good keyboarding skills may be important to you.
All the roads far below them looked like ribbons. A dozen or so boats could be seen on the lake. It was very quiet and peaceful and no one wished to leave. As they set out on their return, they all enjoyed the ease of pedaling. The bikers came upon a new bike trail. This route led to scenery far grander than that seen from the normal path. The end of the day brought laughs and cheers from everyone. The fact that each person was very, very tired did not keep anyone from eagerly planning for the exciting ride to come.One morning my friend and I were thinking about how we could plan our summer break away from school. Driving from our own state to several nearby states would help to expand our limited funds. Inviting six other friends to accompany us would lower our car expenses. Stopping at certain sites would also help us stretch our truly limited travel budget. Yesterday I engaged in an interesting and enlightening discussion about finances. I found it difficult to imagine that during my lifetime I might well earn at least one-half million dollars. It is also possible that I might spend as much as one-half million during the same period. The really difficult thing for me to do will be to save more of the half-million than I spend. 
Good grades are most important for being accepted. Being on time for classes and having a good view toward all phases of the school life are two other things to remember.Thinking about today's high cost of living makes this seem an impossible task for most. Last week I asked a friend to talk with me and a girl-friend about college. Our friend is the Dean of Women at a nearby college. The Dean and her staff spend much of their time talking to students who plan to go to college. The first thing she said was to work very hard each day in high school.
A data entry clerk is a member of staff employed to enter or update data into a computer system. Data is often entered into a computer from paper documents using a keyboard. The keyboards used can often have special keys and multiple colors to help in the task and speed up the work. Proper ergonomics at the workstation is a common topic considered. The Data Entry Clerk may also use a mouse, and a manually-fed scanner may be involved. Speed and accuracy, not necessarily in that order, are the key measures of the job; it is possible to do this job from home.
The bikers rode down the long and narrow path to reach the city park. When they reached a good spot to rest, they began to look for signs of spring. The sun was bright, and a lot of bright red and blue blooms proved to all that warm spring days were the very best. Spring rides were planned. They had a burger at the lake and then rode farther up the mountain. As one rider started to get off his bike, he slipped and fell. One of the other bikers saw him fall but could do nothing to help him. Neither the boy nor the bike got hurt. After a brief stop, everyone was ready to go on. All the bikers enjoyed the nice view when they came to the top. All the roads far below them looked like ribbons. A dozen or so boats could be seen on the lake. It was very quiet and peaceful and no one wished to leave. As they set out on their return, they all enjoyed the ease of pedaling. The bikers came upon a new bike trail. This route led to scenery far grander than that seen from the normal path. The end of the day brought laughs and cheers from everyone. The fact that each person was very, very tired did not keep anyone from eagerly planning for the exciting ride to come.
One morning my friend and I were thinking about how we could plan our summer break away from school. Driving from our own state to several nearby states would help to expand our limited funds. Inviting six other friends to accompany us would lower our car expenses. Stopping at certain sites would also help us stretch our truly limited travel budget. Yesterday I engaged in an interesting and enlightening discussion about finances. I found it difficult to imagine that during my lifetime I might well earn at least one-half million dollars. It is also possible that I might spend as much as one-half million during the same period. The really difficult thing for me to do will be to save more of the half-million than I spend. Thinking about today's high cost of living makes this seem an impossible task for most. Last week I asked a friend to talk with me and a girl-friend about college. Our friend is the Dean of Women at a nearby college. The Dean and her staff spend much of their time talking to students who plan to go to college. The first thing she said was to work very hard each day in high school. Good grades are most important for being accepted. Being on time for classes and having a good view toward all phases of the school life are two other things to remember.